.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, before:

---
name: Feature Request
about: Suggest an idea for Salat Now
title: '[FEATURE] '
labels: 'enhancement'
assignees: ''

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**How would this feature benefit the Muslim community?**
Explain how this feature would help Muslims in their daily prayers and worship.

**Additional context**
Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

**Implementation suggestions (optional)**
If you have ideas about how this could be implemented, please share them.

**Priority**
- [ ] Low - Nice to have
- [ ] Medium - Would be helpful
- [ ] High - Really needed
- [ ] Critical - Essential for proper use

Commit message:

feat: Internationalize project documentation and encourage translations
🌍 MAJOR UPDATE: Project now ready for global contributions!

✨ Documentation Changes:
- Rewrote README.md in English with comprehensive translation guide
- Added clear note that app is currently in French
- Created detailed roadmap for multi-language support
- Enhanced project description for international audience

🤝 GitHub Templates Enhanced:
- Updated bug report template with language-specific fields
- Improved feature request template with translation options
- Added dedicated translation request template
- Enhanced PR template with i18n and Islamic considerations

🚀 Community Focus:
- Prioritized Arabic, English, Turkish, Indonesian, Urdu, Bengali
- Added contribution guidelines for translators
- Created clear technical instructions for i18n
- Emphasized Islamic accuracy in translations

📈 Global Reach Improvements:
- Added language badge and RTL considerations
- Created localization priority roadmap
- Enhanced Islamic terminology guidelines
- Made project more discoverable internationally

This update transforms Salat Now into a truly international open-source project while maintaining its Islamic authenticity and accuracy. Ready for global Muslim community contributions! 🕌

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, after:

---
name: Feature Request
about: Suggest an idea for Salat Now
title: '[FEATURE] '
labels: 'enhancement'
assignees: ''

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**How would this feature benefit the Muslim community?**
Explain how this feature would help Muslims in their daily prayers and worship.

**Language/Localization Request**
- [ ] This is a translation/localization request
- [ ] Language requested: [e.g. Arabic, English, Turkish, Indonesian, Urdu, Bengali, etc.]
- [ ] I can help with translation work
- [ ] I need technical guidance on how to add translations

**Feature Category**
- [ ] Prayer times calculation
- [ ] User interface improvement
- [ ] Notification system
- [ ] Audio/Adhan features
- [ ] Location services
- [ ] Settings and customization
- [ ] Multi-language support
- [ ] Islamic calendar features
- [ ] Other: _______________

**Additional context**
Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

**Implementation suggestions (optional)**
If you have ideas about how this could be implemented, please share them.

**Priority Level**
- [ ] Low - Nice to have enhancement
- [ ] Medium - Would significantly improve user experience
- [ ] High - Important for proper Islamic observance
- [ ] Critical - Essential for accurate prayer times or Islamic requirements

**Contribution Offer**
- [ ] I'm willing to help implement this feature
- [ ] I can provide testing/feedback
- [ ] I can help with documentation
- [ ] I can provide language translation (specify language above)
